Add learning goals to remaining tutorials (#2896)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/helmet.md

Then, you'll write a serverless function capable of sending email notifications.
Finally, you'll configure a webhook to trigger the serverless function when someone isn't wearing a hard hat.

{{< alert title="Learning Goals" color="info" >}}

After completing this tutorial, you will:

> - know how the mlmodel service and the vision service work together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- know how the ML model service and the vision service work together
```
maybe?

> - be able to use the MLmodel service and the vision service on a machine with an existing model to interpret the world around the machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- be able to use the ML model service and the vision service on a machine with an existing model to interpret the world around the machine
```
